GH-451: Run kafka-connect-datagen to Confluent Cloud (#496)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/kafka-connect-datagen-ccloud/kafka/markup/dev/create-connector-config.adoc

You can provision the Kafka Connect Datagen connector through the Confluent Cloud UI, but this tutorial uses the Confluent Cloud CLI.

> First, create a file called `datagen-source-config.json` with the connector configuration for the Kafka Connect Datagen source connector for Confluent Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create a file called `datagen-source-config.json` with the below connector configuration for the Kafka Connect Datagen source connector for Confluent Cloud.
```

Substitute `<API KEY>` and `<API SECRET>` with your credentials.

> In this sample configuration, the connector produces JSON data with a schema specification called link:https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-datagen/blob/master/src/main/resources/pageviews_schema.avro[PAGEVIEWS] to a Kafka topic called `mytopic`.

Reviewer: FYC
```suggestion
In this sample configuration, the connector uses the PAGEVIEWS quickstart to produce JSON records simulating website pageviews. The records will be formatted with a schema specification called link:https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-connect-datagen/blob/master/src/main/resources/pageviews_schema.avro[PAGEVIEWS] to a Kafka topic called `mytopic`.
```
